Vault Dweller: I don't like your attitude, old man.
Jon: I might just ignore that remark if you've come here to solve my problem for me.
Vault Dweller: What, that you're old and stupid?

Vault Dweller: What is the Brotherhood of Steel all about anyway?
Darrel: The Brotherhood is a collective of men and women who have dedicated their lives to the preservation of technology.
Vault Dweller: I've heard that you people sacrifice puppies.
Darrel: Sacrifice puppies! Where the hell did you hear that one? Don't believe everything you hear in the wastes, they're all a bunch of pathetic lunatics.
Vault Dweller: Everyone is a lunatic outside the Brotherhood of Steel?
Darrel: Yes... a... well... a... No. It's just people don't even try to understand what we're all about.
Vault Dweller: Well?... I think you guys might be a little kookie myself.

Nichole: Greetings. Hey! We're very glad you could join us. We hope that you have found our humble abode to your satisfaction.
Vault Dweller: 'Humble' is a good word. 'Dump' would be better.
Nichole: Hey! I don't appreciate that, but I'll overlook it if you apologize.
Vault Dweller: I'm sorry I ever talked to you.

Vault Dweller: You don't look like much of a fighter.
Rhombus: Insolent pup. Apologize now and you'll not be hurt.
Vault Dweller: What, by you?

Leon: Each one of these marks is for a past attempt on Hightower's life. I bagged each and ever one of them. Tell me... do you know what this fool Decker hired looks like?
Vault Dweller: No.
Leon: Thank you for the advance warning, but Mr. Hightower dosen't like strangers hangin' around. I'm going to have to ask you to leave.
Vault Dweller: That's it? No reward? What the hell is wrong with you people?

Gizmo: So it comes down to this, Killian. Well, I never could put up with your stink, and now I'm gonna put an end to it!
Mayor Killian Darkwater: I'm here to take you in, Gizmo. This time, I've got the proof I need.

Decker: So. You're looking for a job. How fortunate, I have one that needs doing. Ahh, but where are my manners? What's your name?
Vault Dweller: What business is it of yours?
Decker: Everything is my business in the Hub. Either tell me, or you may leave.
Vault Dweller: I'm not telling you anything.